No. I actually think she
was looking at you to be honest.
I think she was just doing her job.
- Shut up.
- Funny.
I'll just... I'll roll with it.
Go with the flow. babe.
Yeah. You know?
Oh. yeah.
Michael. he said that
you can take off as long
as we need on Saturday.
No. I won't be that late.
Well. we'll see.
So. maestro...
Daniel. His name's Daniel.
Oh. yeah. How long you been
chauffeuring for then. Daniel?
Couple of years.
And are you full-time?
No. They just wheel me out for.
you know. bespoke clients like yourselves.
We're honored.
Yeah. and I'm your personal protection
for the evening as well.
Well. our very own walking Trojan.
Yeah. I've heard all the jokes. sir.
Ex-army.
- Police detective.
- Oh. God. Are we under arrest?
- Not tonight.
- Well. that's a relief.
Retired?
Still at it.
Well. what are you doing
slumming with the likes of us then?
You know. gets me out of the office.
Oh. right.
They've got you behind a desk. have they?
Still. I bet he's got
some good stories. haven't you?
I'm just saying it's interesting.
Well. Kelly. it's like.
you know what they say.
It's a young man's game.
Yeah.
Doesn't matter how fit you are.
- Criminals are always 18.
- Tell me about it.
Still. I bet
you've come across some dead bodies.
Jesus. Kel.
Goes with the trade. I'm afraid.
Really?
Well. come on then. Don't keep us hanging.
- See here. just off the high street?
- Yeah.
- The next turning. Marcia Villas.
- Uh-huh.
Going back a few years now. 2004. 2005.
Christmas Eve.
Fella's in on his own. watching the telly.
Wee lights twinkling
on the Christmas tree. all that.
Anyway. thieves break in. rob the flat.
About 80 quid on him.
They gag him.
tie him up to his chair
so he won't come after them.
And?
Well. they must have thought someone's
bound to look in on him. aren't they?
I mean. it's Christmas. after all.
- Oh. no.
- Nobody came.
New Year rolls in.
January.
In the end. the neighbors. you know.
- They smelled him?
- Oh. no.
There he was. still tied to his chair.
Poor bastard.
Did you get 'em. at least?
Oh. yeah.
Yeah. we got them.
Over Christmas as well.
I suppose you gotta look on the
bright side. At least he had the telly on.
Joke. I'm joking.
Well. come on then. Must have
some more ghoulish tales for us.
I got a million.
Hello. Emergency services.
Can I have your name. please?
Police.
Okay. I am gonna need a name first.
No names.
I need police.
Please. I need police.
They're back again.
They've been parked there since I woke.
- Look. Mum.
- I don't know what they're doing.
- Mum.
- Or what they want.
Are there any markings
on the van that you can see?
No.
Not that I... No.
I've got the number plate written down.
No. Mum. I can't keep doing this.
You'll get me into trouble.
Maybe you should stop
looking outside of the window for a while.
You know. you're working yourself up
for literally no reason.
You don't know that.
I'm stuck here completely on my own.
I've got no one with me.
A bit of sympathy for your old mum
would be nice.
Do you want the number plate or not?
Yeah. All right. Fire away.
- Have you got a pen?
- No. it's all right. I'll remember.
You're so clever.
Yeah. All right.
It's A-E-6...
God's sake.
June. Cup of tea for you.
Thank you. sir. What's the catch?
There was an emergency call
on last night's Command and Control log.
got flagged by the reviewer.
Domestic violence.
Needs a woman's touch.
Thank you for the tea.
Hi. I have a caller
from a phone box off Hayes Lane
refusing to give her name.
- Time-waster?
- Possibly.
I can't get any details from her.
She's insistent she wants the police.
Okay. Got it.
Putting you through now.
Hello. My name is Jasmine.
- How can I help?
- Police?
I am a police call handler.
My name is Jasmine.
How can I help?
Okay. Can you talk?
Listen.
He says...
Who says?
- My boyfriend.
- Your boyfriend?
I'm gonna need his name if...
Why do you people keep saying.
"Give me name. give me name"?
No names.
Please.
Is he there?
No. but he's looking for me.
Are you safe?
Caller. did your boyfriend hurt you?
Yes.
He says he's going to kill me.
Okay. Just hold on one moment.
Andy. I've got a caller
at a call box in Hackney.
Boyfriend's been violent tonight.
He's threatening murder.
- Got it.
- I'm sending you the address.
Okay. Dispatching a unit.
Just keep her on the line.
- Hello. caller.
- Hello.
- Stay where you are. all right?
- Yes.
Do you have a mobile number I can call?
No. He threatened me. He hurt me.
- How did he...
- With a knife.
All right. Stay with me. caller.
Falou.
We're on our way.
Wait. I have to tell you...
He had a girlfriend a long time ago.
- Same like me.
- Okay. and...
That dumb bitch.
Never listen.
Never keep him. you know. happy.
He stabbed her many. many times
with the same knife he put in me.
And now she's dead.
What was her name? Do you know?
And then he's bragging about it. you know?
Like. "If you don't treat me nice.
I'll get you the same way I got her."
Andy. where's the unit?
- Haven't they arrived?
- No.
Okay. I'll find out and get back to you.
Hello. Caller?
Just... I need to tell you.
What?
There's a man in prison
doing 24 years for killing her.
Please. if you could just give me
your boyfriend's name.
No. And he keeps saying this guy in...
Whitecross.
He says he's such a loser and that...
Caller?
Hello? Caller. stay on the line.
Caller. hello?
Hello. Stay on the line. Caller.
Caller. stay on the line.
Hi. this is DS June Lenker.
I'm trying to trace a woman.
possibly Hispanic.
- aged between 25 and 40.
- Yeah.
- We're not sure. but we think...
- Yeah. patterned hoodie and jeans.
- Hang on. One sec.
- Yeah. that's right.
We think she may have attended
an A&E last night. 10:00 p.m. onwards.
That's right.
Domestic violence.
Hi. Jasmine? My name's June Lenker.
This is just a follow-up
from your anonymous caller
up in Hayes Lane last night.
Did you find her yet?
Well. we put out an area trace.
There's nothing yet. but it's early days.
Look. I listened to the audio
from your phone call.
But you spoke to her. You were there.
So I have to ask...
Was it a hoax? Nah. no way.
So a definite threat to life?
- Yep.
- Scale of one to five?
Four.
- Okay.
- She said. "falou."
Falou?
It's Portuguese. Like. "okay".
So you think Portuguese?
Or Brazilian.
All right. I'll update the file.
Jasmine.
I think you were incredible.
the way you dealt with her.
Really? I don't know.
I thought maybe I pushed her too hard.
No. not at all. I think
she just got spooked to be honest.
And what about the wrongful conviction.
the woman he killed?
Oh. well.
First instance. let's find her.
get her out of danger.
You didn't believe her?
No. it's just I...
I'd say I have reservations at this point.
I mean. he may well have
just been trying to frighten her.
He managed that.
Yeah. he did.
But. you know.
if you feel scared or helpless.
sometimes people make all sorts of claims.
It sounds like I'm doubting her word.
I'm not.
It's just I worked in the DV unit
for a long time.
and sometimes it's easier to call out
the violence against somebody else
than recognize the harm
being directed at yourself.
Eighteen years I've been doing this.
I believed her.
Okay.
Hello. Caller?
Just... I need to tell you.
What?
There's a man
in prison doing 24 years for killing her.
Sir. that call from the C and C log...
I'm not sure if it came up
in the T and C meet?
- No.
- But the caller.
she made a tip-off regarding
a possible wrongful conviction.
A murder.
A man was convicted back in 2012.
Except this caller.
she says her boyfriend. in fact. did it.
She claims.
Have you got a name for the caller?
Well. we're still looking.
Nonstarter. sounds like.
Yeah.
It's just.
I spoke to the call handler myself.
- Okay.
- Well. she raised it with me as a concern.
You know they record their calls. right?
Okay.
You're thinking if. God forbid.
something were to come out one day.
conviction overturned.
you don't wanna be the one
who sat on her hands.
Exactly.
That's smart.
It's very smart these days.
Okay. here's what we do. Due diligence.
Find out who the SIO was.
set up a meeting.
- "Thought you'd want to know."
- Face-to-face?
- Can't hurt.
- Good. 'Cause I looked up the SIO.
- Course you did.
- Original officer was a DCI Hegarty.
- Dan Hegarty?
- Yes. Victim was an Adelaide Burrowes.
Man convicted was her boyfriend
at the time of her death. Errol Mathis.
Do you know the case?
Aware of it. Sure.
So I'll go seek him out.
You know. on second thoughts.
drop him a line. I would.
E-mail. Friendly. formal.
Allegation's been made.
Here's the link. Move on.
- Really?
- E-mail. I think.
It's better. don't you?
That way you've covered your...
Right. Okay.
- Thanks.
- Sure.
Oh. Chloe.
Are those the witness statements
that are meant to go to Hackney Downs?
- Yeah. Sorry. I...
- Well. I'm going that way anyway.
Should I take 'em?
Save you sending a courier?
Sure.
- DS Lenker? He's ready for you.
- Yeah.
- Sergeant. Daniel Hegarty.
- June Lenker.
Come on through.
Thanks for seeing me.
Anything for my friends
at the People's Republic of Dalston.
- Department?
- CID.
CID. Where the action is.
"Information relevant to a case."
Good of you to come in person.
- Well. I was in the neighborhood.
- Some neighborhood.
I also had to run some
papers over for a colleague of yours.
Let me guess. Inter-branch task force.
The trouble on the Parkhill Estate?
- Am I warm?
- Warm enough.
Working with my colleague. DS Flaherty?
My team is. yeah. Yeah.
Good. that's good. Joined-up policing.
So... Well...
I'm investigating what was initially
a DV case regarding a phone call.
emergency phone call.
last night in the Hayes Lane area.
Anonymous caller.
Portuguese speaker.
assaulted by her boyfriend.
Active threat to life.
Scumbag.
- Have we got him?
- No. not yet.
How can I help? Have I come across him?
Well. we don't have a name yet.
but the reason I'm here...
The caller. they made an allegation
regarding wrongful conviction.
It was an old case
that you'd worked on as SIO.
- Okay.
- A murder.
The victim was Adelaide Burrowes.
Burrowes? Two thousand and...
Case went to trial 2012.
2012. yeah.
Already?
- The man charged?
- Errol Mathis.
Errol. Poor man's O.J.
Excuse me?
And your caller's come forward
as a witness. has she? Or...
- No.
- No? So...
Well. this caller.
she says her boyfriend.
on a number of occasions.
has claimed responsibility
for the killing.
You got a statement from her
to that effect?
No. like I said. the call was anonymous.
You know. I think that this calls for a...
cup of tea.
Valerie.
Yes. sir?
- Would you like a cup of tea?
- No. thanks.
- You sure? It's no bother.
- Yeah. absolutely.
No. it's fine.
- One tea please. Thank you.
- Of course. sir.
Does your boss know you're here?
Yeah.
It's not a judgment. It's just... You know.
And this caller
referred explicitly to the crime?
Well. she knew enough details
to leave no room for doubt.
Try me.
Okay.
Well. she knew the prison
he was serving in. Whitecross.
She also knew
the length of the sentence. 24 years.
I thought he got life.
No. 24 years. That was the minimum
recommended sentence by the judge.
Good. Yeah. good.
She also knew the weapon.
A knife.
Right. Was never recovered. I think...
Seven-inch kitchen knife is easy to hide.
Well. this caller's boyfriend
says he still has it. The weapon.
Does he now?
How long have you been in CID?
About a year and a half.
Sorry. There you are. sir.
Thank you.
Year and a half?
Okay. Right.
One. it was a very long time ago.
Two. I don't know if you're aware.
but the case when it went to trial.
it caused quite a lot of noise.
And that man. Mathis.
in the minds
of certain twisted individuals.
pen pals. offers of marriage. cash.
Anyway. what I'm saying is.
everything that you've just said
is already out there.
It's in the public domain.
So it sounds to me like either
your caller. quite justifiably. thinks.
"Jump on the bandwagon.
land this guy in hot water."
Yeah. I know...
Or this so-and-so
who's knocking her about is.
you know. likes to big himself up.
A violent coward. you know.
with a sideline in fucking fantasy.
- It's hardly niche. is it?
- Yeah.
except this call that was made.
it was made on Hayes Lane.
That's like a ten-minute walk
from Manningham Flats.
- That's where Adelaide was murdered.
- Well. there you go.
It's local history. He's a local fan.
You are aware that he confessed
the whole nine yards. as they say.
Confession that he later retracted.
Retracted. Yeah. they all do that once you
get them in a room with a defense lawyer.
Yeah. well. Errol's team seemed to think
there was. you know. grounds for appeal.
His team?
You do know why Mr. Mathis got 24 years.
There were aggravating circumstances?
Her little boy Patrick. not his boy.
Patrick. six years old.
He heard everything Mathis did
through the wall.
Animal.
The injuries.
Completely out of control. that man.
But we go on.
We go on.
Look. I'm...
I'm sorry. I don't...
I don't want to embarrass you. you know.
But some caller out of the blue
doesn't give her name.
He said. she said. it's...
Frankly. at this point.
it's starting to sound to me like a prank.
Sorry.
But that said.
thank you very much for coming along here
and giving me this information.
Duly logged. Detective Sergeant.
Now. if you don't mind.
I need to crack on.
Weekly Task and Coordination Committee.
for my sins.
Well. thank you for your time.
And if you find your caller.
send her over.
Oh. DS Lenker.
What?
Next time. do as you're told.
Send an e-mail. Okay?
Fuck.
Yeah. she actually says.
"I was in the neighborhood."
- What?
- Yeah. really.
Delivering papers
for my colleague Brian Flaherty.
Yeah. he's never even heard of her.
And. well. she's young.
you know. Ambitious.
- Axe to grind. all of that.
- Unbelievable.
Nothing to fret about.
But listen. if someone rings you
out of the blue. some woman.
give her the old CYB. yeah?
Cover your back.
And then. you know what he called him?
A poor man's O.J.
A poor man's O.J?
Wow. What does that mean?
Well. you know.
Black man. white girlfriend.
She's not safe. He can't be trusted.
Sooner or later. he's gonna...
- you know.
- Wow.
Poor man's O.J.
I mean. that's pretty lazy.
Sure. still. I mean...
- What?
- Well. it... I don't know.
It seems like a lot to unpack
from what. three words?
Well. it was the way that he said it.
So you think he's a racist. this guy?
Maybe. I don't know.
Well. if the glove fits.
- That was a joke. That was an O.J. joke.
- Yeah. I know. I got it.
What?
Just go on. Say.
I honestly think. sometimes.
isn't the world fucked up enough as it is?
You don't always have to look for it.
Is that what you think I do?
You think I look for it?
Not always.
Sometimes?
I'm just saying. Like. some guy
makes an off-the-cuff remark.
- doesn't matter how misjudged...
- Misjudged?
It's just...
I know. okay?
I get it. I do. I just...
Sorry.
No.
- Never live with a shrink. right?
- Yeah.
Hi. Chloe. Did you find anything out?
Nothing. I'm afraid.
I chased the four possible IDs with A&E.
No matches with the emergency caller.
Well. what about the women's refuges?
Same.
They promised to keep a lookout. Sorry.
It's okay. Thanks for trying.
No problem. Bye.
Okay. bye.
- Mum. time and a place. That's...
- I don't care.
Do you know where my phone is?
- Hey.
- Oh. shit.
- You forgot your phone.
- Thank you.
Okay. Your top's inside out.
- You're just loving this. aren't you?
- I am actually. yeah.
All right. Okay.
- Thank you. Bye.
- Have a good day.
- Chloe?
- Yeah?
Are you having a problem with your log-in?
No.
Hello. DS Lenker.
June.
would you mind stepping in for a minute?
Yeah.
DS Lenker.
This is DI Markham from
the Professional Standards Department.
- My colleague. DC Jackson.
- Hi.
Hi. What's going on?
- Diane. do you wanna...
- Okay.
I'm not sure if you're aware.
but from time to time
we vet certain officers' conduct.
My conduct?
Any online searches. handling
of police data. that kind of thing.
- What have I done?
- It's a completely randomized process.
It's just... You just completely
randomly pick my name out of a hat?
My colleague will set you up
with some temporary log-in details.
- Sure.
- You're not being accused of anything.
We appreciate your cooperation. DS Lenker.
What the fuck?
What they going after you for?
It's a message.
He's sending me a message.
What?
It's an officer at Hackney Downs.
I think he wants to pick a fight.
Fine.
I can do that.
Hello?
- It's DS Lenker.
- Yeah. come up.
Hi. June.
Sonya Singh. Welcome to my wilderness.
Thanks for taking the time.
They've asked me to update the file.
Part of our Best Practice Review.
Yeah. I know. Don't ask.
All right.
How did you get involved with the case?
Local girl. Twin Towers born and bred.
Did you know Adelaide Burrowes?
We were. like. three floors down.
Everyone's got a lost cause. right?
Errol Mathis is mine.
What's yours?
I've got a 12-year-old son.
Good luck with that.
Anyway. Errol's mum Doris sought me out.
This is the fight of her life.
her meat and drink.
Come on.
How much do you know about the trial?
- Assume ignorance.
- Okay.
Prosecution made a big deal
about bite marks on the victim.
They have this star expert witness
named Dr. Haushke.
Testifies the bite marks are beyond doubt
a match with Errol's teeth.
So suddenly Errol was like.
"Black guy. rage issues. help."
I mean. they were practically
measuring the shape of his skull.
- What?
- Nothing. sorry. Go on.
So four years back.
I did a bit of crowd funding.
Got my own dental expert
onto Adelaide Burrowes's bite marks and...
Yeah.
"The bite marks on the victim
cannot be reliably said to
- match with cast 26A."
- Match with cast 26A.
- That's Errol's teeth.
- So...
Why confess?
Well. what does Errol say?
Can't remember. can't explain.
Yeah. I know.
What about Adelaide's son? Was it Patrick?
He was in the flat at the time.
Six years old. he was a kid.
Well. what happened to him?
We're not in contact.
So. come on.
What are you really doing here?
- I told you. we're...
- Bullshit.
I'm just crossing the T's.
Crossing the old T's? Okay.
You ever come across the SIO?
Hegarty?
Yeah.
You've heard about the Sixty-Twos. yeah?
The what?
He had a crew.
Hegarty. Tony Gilfoyle. Kim Cardwell.
Don't write that down.
Hegarty top dog?
Naturally.
And like any self-respecting crew.
they had a name.
- The Sixty-Twos.
- Twos.
But what does that even mean?
Look. I mean. whether there's an agenda.
it's not for me to say.
What do you mean by agenda?
What do you think?
So. are you gonna help.
or are you gonna fuck us over?
- Thank you for your time.
- No problem.
- Hello?
- Chloe. can you run a PND search for me?
Hang on.
Okay. go ahead.
Patrick Burrowes.
Okay. got him.
August 2017. Jubilee Park.
He was picked up for possession
with intent to supply.
He was a minor. Twelve years old.
Jesus.
Feds!
Arresting officer
was a DS Michael Hargreaves.
Hey. Usain!
Come on. lad. let's get in the back.
What?
No charge. They must have let him go.
Any arrests after that?
Right. we got a runner.
Well. kind of a runner.
No. that's it. That's all there is.
Maybe he got out? Turned a corner?
Maybe. Have you got contact details?
Last known address for this kid?
No. Nothing listed. Sorry.
- Patrick.
- What?
- I've got this. yeah?
- Yeah.
- I've got this.
- Yeah?
Just... No. okay. I can't watch.
Okay.
So. yeah. this is how you tie a tie. yeah?
- Yeah?
- Okay.
Around and then up.
And then through the hole.
How'd you learn to do that?
I know. I'm kind of
like a Zen master at this shit.
- Yeah?
- Duh. we did 'em at school.
Come on. put your jacket on. move.
- Posture. yeah.
- Yeah?
Okay.
You are gonna smash this. yeah?
Yeah. You're more stressed out than I am.
Yeah. someone's gotta be.
I'm literally peeling potatoes
for rich people.
Well. I for one bloody love potatoes.
Yeah?
You look...
Yeah. I know.
Oh. my God. the ego on him. Fucking hell.
Fucking hell. Patrick!
Patrick. stop.
- Bruv. where you going dressed like that?
- Work. Where do you think. bro?
- Yes. What's everyone saying. fam?
- Oi. oi. There's the waiter.
Let me get a shot.
- Yeah. you. man. In a bit. yeah?
- Bring me some chips. bro.
Patrick? Sweetheart?
Look at you. Angel.
- You're not supposed to be here.
- I know.
Listen. I wouldn't ask.
- Go away.
- It's just. he gets so down.
He just wants
to wish you happy birthday. love.
- It was last month.
- I know.
But you know you mean the world to him.
You and your mum.
Hang on. Errol. love.
Please.
Talk to him.
Patty?
Patrick?
For the tape. the officers
present are DCI Daniel Hegarty
and DS Tony Gilfoyle.
The time is 00:13
on the 25th of September 2011.
Also present are Errol Mathis
and his solicitor Ross Cardona.
I understand that the defendant would
like to revise his earlier statement.
Yeah.
Tie and a jacket. What are you?
- Barry.
- Yes. Chef.
Show him a locker.
Get him some real clothes.
Errol. In your own words. Errol.
Like you told me.
I killed her.
Name. Please.
I killed Adelaide Burrowes.
I took the knife from the kitchen drawer.
Okay.
I put it in her.
Where?
Throat.
You put the knife in her in her throat?
Yeah.
Anywhere else that you remember?
Chest.
The chest?
Yeah.
The throat and the chest?
Okay. that's good.
How many times did you strike her.
would you say?
- I don't know.
- Well. roughly.
Ten? Twenty?
Twenty times?
Thirty.
Thirty times. more or less?
Yeah.
Thirty times. that's...
So what made you hurt her
like that? Any idea?
I lost my rag.
You lost your rag?
So. mate. what's the news?
Nothing to report.
That's a bummer.
How's work?
Yeah. Do you fancy takeaway?
Pizza or Chinese or something?
No. I can't hang around.
You know how it is.
What's up?
Look. Tony...
Uh-oh.
This investigation into Errol Mathis.
I've been meaning to say. if there's...
there's anything you've been holding on to
after all these years.
It's like I said to Kim.
we need to cover our backs.
You've come to the wrong house. mate.
- Sure?
- Hundred percent.
'Cause if...
Well. now would be a good time
to get rid of.
You know me. Never look back.
All right.
I'll see myself out.
All right. Night. mate.
Good night. Tone.
With us to answer that question.
Assistant Chief Commissioner
Claudia Mayhew.
Beth's experiences.
that could be a whole number
of people on the street today.
couldn't it?
Honestly. Manda.
I agree 100% with your caller.
Yeah. no more talk.
We need a modern police service worthy
of the values of this great city. of ours.
And in fact I would go ev...
Don't you start.
And yes. if that means
root and branch reform
then bring it on.
Okay. well.
Thank you for taking time to an...
Hello.
Hello. this is DI Markham
from Professional Standards.
Oh. right.
Listen.
we've been trying to get hold of you.
Yeah. sorry.
I've been up to my eyeballs in it.
Just a few things cropped up
as part of our investigation.
Things? What kind of things?
There's a few... Well. a number of details
we'd like you to walk us through
face-to-face.
Would you mind holding on for a minute?
- I've just got another call.
- No problem.
Hello. DS Lenker.
You said to call. I think I've got her.
Sorry. who is this?
It's Jasmine Peters. Command Center.
Jasmine.
That caller we talked about.
it's her on the line right now.
Her name's Maria De Souza. Hang on.
- Maria. stay on the line.
- Jasmine. is she safe?
No. he's in the flat with her.
Unit's on the way.
- ETA?
- Eighteen minutes.
- Eighteen?
- Local teams are all backed up.
Right. Send me a pin drop for the address.
Hatherway. Twin Towers.
Right. I'm closer than that.
Okay. Jasmine. can I join the call?
Can you do that?
Sure. Hold on. I'll patch you through.
Hello. This is DS Lenker. can you hear me?
Maria. is your life in danger?
Maria. Remember. like we said.
Tap once for no. twice for yes.
Do you understand?
Did you get into the bathroom?
Is the door locked?
Okay. Maria. Is there any way
out of the room that you can see?
Is there a window
you can safely fit through?
She's on the ninth floor.
You dumb. stupid bitch!
Maria. this is what I want you to do.
I want you to take a toothbrush.
all right? Or keys.
Look in your pocket.
do you have house keys?
Okay. good.
All right. Now. Maria.
I want you to stand up.
Maria. stand up. Are you standing up?
Good. Now. this is what I want you to do.
He's gonna come through the door.
The second he comes through.
I want you to take those keys.
take the sharp end of those keys
and shove them directly into his face.
Okay? As hard as you can.
And then you run.
All right? You run and you shout.
You shout for help.
I'm coming for you. Do you understand?
Maria. do you understand? Tell me.
Tell me you understand!
- I understand.
- Okay.
- Get her back. Jasmine.
- Trying her number now.
Calling all units.
We have violent domestic in progress.
with threats to kill.
Flat 942. ninth story.
Hatherway Flats. Twin Towers.
- Urgent assistance requested. Over.
- Received Zero Yankee Delta.
All units. proceed with caution.
Assailant is still on the premises.
Control confirming. All units. stand by.
No!
Maria!
Maria.
Got an IC2 female fallen to her death.
southeast perimeter at Hatherway Flats.
Suspected assailant flat 942. ninth story.
Heading up now.